Adding docs for native mint/burn gas token (#2995)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: docs/launch-arbitrum-chain/features/common/gas-and-fees/choose-custom-gas-token.mdx

For detailed instructions on how to configure a custom gas token, there are several resources available depending on your data availability type:

- **AnyTrust**: [How to configure a custom gas token for your AnyTrust Arbitrum chain](/launch-arbitrum-chain/configure-your-chain/common/gas/use-a-custom-gas-token-anytrust)
- **Rollup**: [How to configure a custom gas token for your Rollup Arbitrum chain](/launch-arbitrum-chain/configure-your-chain/common/gas/use-a-custom-gas-token-rollup)

> :::info Native Mint/Burn for Custom Gas Tokens

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info Native mint/burn for custom gas tokens
```

Starting with **ArbOS 51 Dia**, Arbitrum chains have the option to use a **native interop token with mint/burn** as their custom gas tokens via third-party interoperability providers (such LayerZero OFTs, xERC20s, or native USDC) instead of using the canonical "lock and mint" bridge.

> To enable this feature for your chain, see our guide on [enabling Native Mint/Burn for gas tokens](/launch-arbitrum-chain/configure-your-chain/common/gas/configure-native-mint-burn-gas-token).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable this feature for your chain, see our guide on [enabling native mint/burn for gas tokens](/launch-arbitrum-chain/configure-your-chain/common/gas/configure-native-mint-burn-gas-token).
```

- **AnyTrust**: [How to configure a custom gas token for your AnyTrust Arbitrum chain](/launch-arbitrum-chain/02-configure-your-chain/common-configurations/01-use-a-custom-gas-token-anytrust.mdx)
- **Rollup**: [How to configure a custom gas token for your Rollup Arbitrum chain](/launch-arbitrum-chain/02-configure-your-chain/common-configurations/02-use-a-custom-gas-token-rollup.mdx)

:::info Native Mint/Burn for Custom Gas Tokens

> Starting with **ArbOS 51 (Dia)**, Arbitrum chains have the option to enable **Native Token Mint/Burn** for their custom gas tokens via third-party interoperability providers (such LayerZero OFTs, xERC20s, or native USDC) instead of using the canonical "lock and mint" bridge.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Starting with **ArbOS 51 (Dia)**, Arbitrum chains have the option to enable a **Native Mint/Burn Token** for their custom gas tokens via third-party interoperability providers (such LayerZero OFTs, xERC20s, or native USDC) instead of using the canonical "lock and mint" bridge.
```

> Starting with **ArbOS 51 (Dia)**, Arbitrum chains have the option to enable **Native Token Mint/Burn** for their custom gas tokens via third-party interoperability providers (such LayerZero OFTs, xERC20s, or native USDC) instead of using the canonical "lock and mint" bridge.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Starting with **ArbOS 51 (Dia)**, Arbitrum chains have the option to use a **native interop token with mint/burn** as their custom gas tokens via third-party interoperability providers (such LayerZero OFTs, xERC20s, or native USDC) instead of using the canonical "lock and mint" bridge.
```
